Who are you from the Jiang family? How?
It doesn't matter, so I can't buy it?
Will I attend your auction?
Do you want a DNA test?
I have memorized information about the Jiang family, but without this, is there a conflict?
Mr. Xiao, how can there be someone like him in the Jiang family?
I think he is just here to shine and deceive.
The card in his hand is most likely fake.
I advise you to find out.
OK, then go check it out.
If it's fake, I'll stab you in the mouth.
What if it's true?
If it's true
I kneel down and call you aunt, okay?
Then I will take care of you, my good granddaughter.
this lady
I don't remember inviting you
Attend tonight's auction
Could you please give me this invitation card?
No invitation card
How dare you say you are not a liar?
Who says I don't have it
This is not a bus card, Mr. Sheng
This person is just here to cause trouble.
I suggest you find someone
Tear his mouth off for me
Mr. Xiao, let us take care of him.
what are you doing
Mr. Xiao, what is this card for real?